# WT_CW1_00016040.github.io

The given website was created to update the visual, informative and organizational conditions of the actual website of “UzAutoMotors”. Current website has better gray gradient background. Also, it seemed a good idea to add the separate webpage containing information about employees of the company - “Staff”. Moreover, actual website of “UzAutoMotors” lacked the information about the partners of the company. So, the separated webpage of “Our Partners” was added, however the partners added to the new website may not hold a real partnership with “UzAutoMotors”. The new website itself has 8 webpages with different HTML structures, which are Home page, About Us page, Automobiles page, Careers page, Our Staff page and, Partners page, Separate page for each car and Registration page. Semantic tags like header, main, nav, article were used to support the HTML structure of the website. About Us page has data about company’s production and history. Automobiles page contains all the available cars in company and has links to to each car’s separate page. Each car page has actual information about automobiles taken from official website. Careers page has relevant vacancies. It should be noted that information about vacancies and staff in the updated website does not match to real information. Website is fully responsive and has different navigation and logo bar for mobile devices. Javascript was used to include the form validation whenever the attendant of website wants to sing up for the “UzAutoMotors” and to manage the pop up of navigation bar for mobile devies (user interaction), as well as generating DOM elements. All the links added in the navigation bar and footer lead to “UzAutoMotors”’s official social media pages and download links of official mobile application in Google Play and App Store.
